I love all bitches bitches bitches
bitches bitches oh yeah what's up guys
so in this video I did obviously demon
does my slayer task anyone when I first
logon is uh you know the new game
yesterday and it was all everything
let's change and you know all these new
Slayer monsters had a weakness
apparently from according to Jack so
yeah I got I got you know I wanted to
try every single task out there right so
normally I don't do I beulah demons
which by the way from now on I will
start doing these they are a little bit
of effort they're kind of just like
water feeds back like before other ship
combat but they're actually good
experience again now I can't tell you
the exact experience an hour i'll
probably update it in the description
once I get this task again but winner
because I use a steel Titan right which
lasts about 63 minutes or something like
that or 61 is it something like that and
for the first like five or ten minutes I
used a water spell I was in my earrings
i had my arcane in a wand oh I had the
shittiest one you know keep that much
but I was hitting nothing on these
things I was probably killed my ten ever
like five minutes I was hitting shit
right I had my momentum on everything
wasn't doing anything so I said what the
fuck their weaknesses water spills i was
using water storage where the fuck
that's called the uh let me see what is
it what's the water one called spells
yeah water surged so i was using the
best water spell I could and nothing was
happening so what I did was I switched
to Mellie which is like the normal way I
don't normally sleep and I went and
bought myself the offhanded rape here
that do so I have dual rapers now for
slaying in case I want to use up and you
know what they actually worked out very
very perfectly so this task is I got 26
k experience in Slayer on this task
using my steel tight as well so steel
titan isn't a complete must or any kind
of titan really but it does speeded up
obviously because you know it helps it's
like another person basically attacking
that it's like a duo Slayer but with
your own titan now one thing I still
don't understand is the experience are a
little bit different still you don't get
as much slower experience for killing a
monster as you used to I guess they're
trying to rebalance things because you
know how everything's multi made their
tactical ways some Slayer sprint so it's
not too overpowered but I mean I kind of
wish it that's are the same because now
what if you don't have a cannon or a
Titan like then you just get regular
shitty Slayer experience right because
not everyone has a Titan nor can they
always afford
so I mean like to those people it's kind
of unfair I guess we made it update they
were thinking more about the higher
level players and how they always have
cannons and overloads and turmoil and
soulsplit and all a shit which by the
way I think Souls Poisson see I must now
for slayer task I couldn't imagine doing
any ties now without it because like you
literally need it everything five or so
minutes you put it on you get your full
HP back one thing I do like is the fact
that turmoil or I mean uh overloads
don't take your HP anymore thank god
I've never understood why they did but
they don't anymore that's good I tried
the chaotic maul at the ending of the
slayer task you guys will see at the
ending and yeah I definitely do a rape
result better for this task in
particular but yeah for some odd reason
it says is the weakness for this task is
water spells so and then it sounds like
arrows is next so I have no idea why
that is I'm hoping most Slayer tats are
kind of weak to Millie still because
that is still the basic style of combat
for most players for training Slayer I
mean it just flat-out it you'd only see
too many people bodging for a slayer
task you know it just doesn't make any
sense the experience for combat at least
for this test was quite amazing i got
about 78 k attack experience in about 20
or 25 minutes i'm not sure exactly how
long i was using Mellie for for this
task but I definitely finish like 200i
versal demons in less than my 20 minutes
maybe 25 to 30 minutes at the max no
more than that whenever I first logged
on you know I figured out all these
things had weaknesses I kind of felt
like shit cuz I was just like well you
know Slayer is going to kind of suck now
apparently steel dragons are crazy a
slayer experience prowl right now Ivan
really tested those out yet I haven't
had them as a slayer task but yeah i'll
be sure to keep making slayer videos for
you guys as they keep going along and
getting all these tasks i have you
feeling that my block list might change
and the task that normally skip will be
changing a lot as well not especially
since you know my first tas i do abyssal
demons is amazing task now now like i
did try the last video where i tried to
kill scale to weigh burns with fire
search because that's the parent that's
our weaknesses fire so next time i get
them i'm going to try to use the DFS and
you know one rapier or something like
that or i mean you kind of need a DFS on
for kill knowles book yeah that's for a
different video so i want to try that
out maybe that ass is still pretty good
but i definitely got raped with doing
magic there so hopefully you guys
enjoyed the video and yeah obviously i
sped it up and personally I'm kind of
enjoying this update i guess you can say
it takes all the time to get used to as
i said by the way to get a whip
video if you got let's see who can see
where I got the whip drop comment what
time it was right and let's just see who
was actually paying attention now that
you guys are all looking back to go shit
words and words with way I for the XP
gaining point of view I guess is a great
task and yeah it's definitely efficient
efficient to do it so I'll see you guys
later hopefully you guys enjoyed